your ways
you
but maybe we should just all bad because
like maybe do dogs did ya thang khuu
wash your hands we already cracked it
once a yoga like one we all he crouched
at one time so they little wave yeah hi
i start at sergeant sorry sergeant sorry
you start kairos and talk approaches
talk out only one to go
it's like a ritory ways oh that's hardly
afternoon catch one at a time like mole
like ah ah fuck em all huh whoa buddy
drew oh I got I got a big business for
you but why is it teleporter doing here
Oh remember we're filling it to go hail
three shot please anything here look I
don't work on you know we gotta fix it
oh we don't want to give a little bit
boring Oh God so my died of a job if i
snored ocean park ave knowing everyone
else you might wanna see maybe someday
it will work maybe I'm september's minus
07 it will work versus the
they leave we stand here for a very long
time it will okay just hate me to be
encouraging a torrent work it out I'm
like Hello but there are trees and
really my hot rags it's really like it
happens mmm oh I don't know are we
hiding crappy grid oh it's that is a
halo 3 no it was a little battle soup oh
my God thank God I mom I try it again
come on me make a sewer fine ladies
McCrory do think it's a Wrangler it's
like words hi guys but let's let's try
and go through the teleporter okay go
first really who's personnel of it
everybody let's go I think yeah oh my
god what dogs do re valley boys
were the people that are planning to
destroy you ever since debbie dude i
showed up sofa Oliver plays avail so now
we have to take things way per wafer
he's a bad man Oh your first thought was
worried but he's that beautiful done
that way I've got your enemy
he has music Michael Porter
prepare to death
you